WPN-THREE-COMPILER-001 report

Scope
-----
Implemented a new isolated packages/weaponry-threejs package. The compiler
accepts KnifeSceneProgram@1 and emits a derived THREE.Group containing two
blade meshes plus optional bounded semantic assembly primitives.

Structural slice
----------------
- Spine and cutting-edge curves are evaluated independently.
- Sections are required to be strict and monotonic, with at least four entries.
- Four or more calibration sections drive changing width, edge/spine offsets,
  twist, and asymmetric top/bottom thickness; the default render mesh samples
  64 deterministic longitudinal segments between them.
- The two curves are the actual silhouette rails. The body uses a six-point
  faceted cross-section and the edge a separate three-point wedge, each in a
  closed THREE.BufferGeometry.
- Part and material IDs are bound to names, userData, and stable numeric
  geometry attributes.
- Derived object UUIDs and the structural fingerprint are deterministic across
  repeated compilation of the same input.
- Guard, grip, pommel, fastener, gem, and relief use a closed primitive
  vocabulary bound to existing semantic Part and MaterialZone IDs.

Verification
------------
Commands:

  npm --prefix packages/weaponry-threejs run typecheck
  npm --prefix packages/weaponry-threejs run smoke

Observed smoke result after the quality-oriented tessellation upgrade: 4
calibration sections, 64 longitudinal segments, 2 blade parts, 1,162
triangles, and a deterministic fingerprint recorded by the smoke output. The fixture is an
original-design structural fixture, not a visual or commercial acceptance
asset.

Deliberate non-claims
---------------------
The compiler smoke itself does not invoke WebGL. A separate browser preview was
built and a fixed FRONT structural frame was rendered with software WebGL; that
only proves that the derived scene is renderable. No fixed multi-view AOV,
reference comparison, metric convergence, human review, High/Low/UV/Bake,
engine import, Runtime readback, Store/CAS persistence, or quality PASS was
produced by this slice.
